we don't put pressure but let me tell
you why we don't put pressure on the
president because telling you the
reality of the politics of what's going
on when you
when you're jealous is alright and you
unleash us and you tell us you're ready
for us to have this conversation
conversation laughter I'm going to Miami
I'll be in Los Angeles and aside from
that I traveled to a lot of other cities
I've been in Chicago and I tell you this
the Congressional Black Caucus loves the
presidential we are supportive of the
president we can show what he can do and
when he's prepared to lead on we want to
give him every opportunity but our
people are hurt is unconscionable we
don't know what the strategy is we don't
know why on this trip that he's in the
United States now he's not in any
brackets we don't know that but all I'm
saying to you is we're politicians we're
elected officials we are trying to do
the right thing and the best thing when
you let us know it it's time to let go
will